fix: bullet points for install page of monitoring/dynatrace corrected (#1156)
keptn/keptn.github.io: content/docs/0.12.x/monitoring/dynatrace/install/index.md

> To setup Dynatrace monitoring on your Kubernetes cluster, please follow the official Dynatrace documentation on [Deploy Dynatrace Operator](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/technology-support/container-platforms/kubernetes/monitor-kubernetes-environments/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up Dynatrace monitoring on your Kubernetes cluster, please follow the official Dynatrace documentation on [Deploy Dynatrace Operator](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/technology-support/container-platforms/kubernetes/monitor-kubernetes-environments/). 
```
"setup" is a noun or adjective; the verb is "set up"

**Notes:**

> * By default, most Kubernetes clusters will only offer a self-signed certificate. In such cases, please select *Skip SSL Security Check* when deploying the Dynatrace Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* By default, most Kubernetes clusters only offer a self-signed certificate. In such cases, please select *Skip SSL Security Check* when deploying the Dynatrace Operator.
```

* When deploying the Dynatrace Operator to a cluster running on a *Container-Optimized OS (COS)*, which includes GKE, Anthos, CaaS and PKS environments, please select the *Enable volume storage* option.

> * To verify that the Dynatrace Operator is working properly, check the status of the pods, e.g. using kubectl:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To verify that the Dynatrace Operator is working properly, check the status of the pods by using the kubectl command:
```

    A status of `Running` indicates that the Dynatrace Operator is functioning normally, while `Error` or `CrashLoopBackOff` are signs of a problem.

    ```console
    kubectl get pods -n dynatrace
    ```

> * To ensure that existing workloads are being monitored, please restart the pods. For example, to restart the pods in the `sockshop-dev` namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To ensure that existing workloads are being monitored, restart the pods. For example, to restart the pods in the `sockshop-dev` namespace:
```
